[SDK-233] Add non hashing mode for key1-key10 - 2 README (#161)
incountry/sdk-nodejs: README.md

##### String fields, hashed:
```typescript
recordKey
profileKey
serviceKey1
serviceKey2
```
##### String fields, hashed if Storage options "hashSearchKeys" is set to true (by default it is):

> **WARNING** Also if `hashSearchKeys` is set to `false` this string fields has length limit 256

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING** If `hashSearchKeys` is set to `false` the next string fields will have length limitation of 256 chars at most
```

Reviewer 2: the following string fields
